Hopping of grass is like so overrated... 

Anyway, after reading a dozen more pages ( you people keep spawning those damn things! ) I got the idea of something that didn't work (specific pictures for temple holdings in holy sites for respective religions, sad face)

And another one where I'll probably fail to explain it so take it with a grain of salt... Or the whole contents of the salt container... 

1) <Random religious/ruler person captures their Holy site > 

2) When he captures it (and owns it) some time will pass or immediately might depend on religion a event chain will trigger.

3) When the event chain triggers several options will become available to restore their holy site to proper glory. (or not)
3a) Trough violence/opression (Murdering heathens, breaking their temples etc and forcing the contsruction of their temple)
3b) Not restoring the holy site and pretty much keep status quo
3c) Peacefully by converting temples and start building their awesome temple of win.
3d) Probably other ways but some generics to start with

4) The event chain will continue trough the way you started it, giving several other events funding, resistance and other fun stuff to think of.
4a) My thought is if it is possible to have both events and a building the building would have several tiers and trough events you will build it back up / restore it and accompanied with it's modifiers. Events will increase it's tier (like other buildings) or decrease it. The events also giving province bonuses like religious resistance, religious cooporation, lack of funding and other things to think of.
(It's a draft okay...<_<)

5) I was thinking of making the average time to complete the event chain/building 10~ years depending on how mean / good / "lucky" you are.

6) After the building is complete you will have the full benefit of the religious building and be awarded with a piety reward and maybe some provincial bonuses. 
6a) The religious building preferably be named after the respective holy building in the provice and it will likely give piety and maybe a morale boost for province recruited units.
6b) Event chain will probably continue a little after the completion of the building depending on how the event chain went (if you were a nice person shorter if you were a meanie probably a bit longer with nasty effects like religions fanatics trying to burn your fancy building)

7) Could be required to reform a religion or at least have one glorious holy site although that'll probably just convolute? the system.

8) And here I ask for your opinions and or suggestions and maybe exclusions and other things of note.

Edit:

Another side effect that could be added is if there is already an established holy building for a religion you will be prompted to destroy/keep/re-fit the holy site which could
1) Piss off everyone following the religion and the populace (religious leader more)
2) Not sure, probably not piss everyone off but have at least some middle ground penalty/bonsues
3) Kind of piss off the religious group and have some distain in your own religious group (would be some, as history has shown us that quite a few religious buildings have been re-fitted.. Examples being the Hagia Sophia and temples in the Iberian peninsula)

Another edit:

This is just the generic outlining if anything, of course different religions and places will get slightly different event chains & texts.

I should think of reformatting the above, but it's something to read until I do. 









@Sir Kulinski

re:
[spoiler]
[quote]

[/quote]
[/spoiler]


@Numahr : these are SELIN-relevant, so you might want to read it as well :p )

comments:
regarding those proposals of yours, if I'm reading them properly, there are three components to them:
a) event chain(s) upon capture of the holy site to build a temple on it for bonuses
b) event chain(s) on what to do with an existing not-you-religion temple on it
c) methods how to simulate the "building" (it could either be an actual building in the holding, or a provincial modifier .... or both :p )
right?


for now, I'll be honest. It's definitely something that would be perfectly immersive and complement SELIN a lot (especially if we can make the name and bonuses specific per faith), but at the same time it'll.... 
require exponentially just as much time and work to implement xD


still, an alternative application is that it's also possible to make a draft system of it wherein capturing gives an option to build a generic "Sacred Site" on it, implementable via either
a) an event (and its chain) that eventually gives a provincial modifier and/or unlocks an actual building
b) simply a potential scope that unlocks the building
and we can slowly expand it from there


in any case, it's definitely something that would improve the immersion with SELIN , but at the same time it's also something that'll have to wait for some time later as my modding time is currently now reserved for:
a) finalizing pagan-traits and relevant events for laws and the like
b) correcting the coding of a couple of CB's so that they work better
c) resuming the buildings overhaul
d) working on the rest of my bucket list for LI (which include potential siege event chains as well as "campaign" event chains that enable the important empires to "subjugate"  their de jure realm peacefully/aggresively ... as well as simulate a break-up of it with certain conditions)
e) working on my ABCDE tactics project
f) working on LI-specific tactics
g) working on my invasion mod :p