1)So, you want to play Lux Invicta...
a)I have done this before. #prestige = 15
b)Teach me more. #piety = 15

2)
Welcome then, to the shattered world of Lux Invicta. The balance of old world has been undone, and reforged from the dust to the image of the visions of the Creator, whose return we await. This world differs greatly from the old world you call vanilla, and much explanation must be done to explain the gist of the changes. If you wish to unite these lands under your dynasty's banner, know that the path will not be easy.
*) Stay awhile and listen.

3) Now then, what shall we discuss?
a) How to lead. #authority/stat-mechanics
b) How to fight. #new combat/duel-engine
c) How to rule #buildings-mechanic/administration and duress
d) How to guide #SELIN explanation/culture-mechanics
*e) I have heard enough #once all four chains have ended

4) Then, my task is finished. I have waited for a thousand years for this task, and now my watch has ended and I shall depart. 
a) Wait, about these "keys" ...
b) Requiescat en pace # prestige = 5

4a) 
Hmm? Oh yes, I have yet to explain the way the Arumbic Hotkeys work.
#insert hotkeys explanation here

4a2) 
#insert continuation of hotkeys explanation here.
*) Farewell, mysterious mentor # piety = 5

3a1)
Leadership in these lands may change whether you are a feudal lord or a patrician, but in both cases the legitimacy of the ruler matters. This legitimacy is abstracted as your "Authority", from what the old world once merely termed prestige. \nThe Authority of the ruler dictates just how well respected a ruler is, and can influence just how willing his vassals and subjects are to cooperate with his designs. Authority is spent in many actions, from appointing councilors to granting land to even banishing people. The legitimacy of a ruler is based on his authority after all.
*) I guess that also includes ending plots...

3a2)
Besides taking actions, the value of authority can be even more significant for certain faiths and traditions. Simply put, more tribal-pagan lands look at the authority of a ruler much more so than civilized realms. For a ruler with a large amount of authority, this directly translates to more men, money, and might, and can help that ruler achieve greatness matching the exploits of antiquity. \nA ruler with barely any legitimacy however will find his grasp on his throne much more fragile than he would like, and may even find his realm dissolve if the heir was found unworthy.
*) I guess I should land my heirs then...

3a3)
The dynamics of leadership also depends on the realm you lead. A feudal realm is heavily dependent on the strength of its ruler, and thus rulers who have weak stats will drag his realm along with it. On the other hand, a ruler with such skill that he becomes reknowned, or even be legendary for it, will greatly benefit his realm. /nPatricians, on the other hand, do not suffer these problems due to the republican nature of their realm. It does take more skill however for them to be able benefit the realm.
*) The inevitable eugenics game huh....

3b1)
Fighting has greatly changed since the days of old. The culture of the province determines the composition of the troops, and with it the tactics employed. Nonetheless, the culture of the ruler determines what kind of elite warriors can be employed as retinue. These retinue must be paid for continuously, yet in exchange have morale and combat bonuses far superior to any levy. /nThese cultural retinues, as well as the elite mercenary retinues, can usually only be obtained by a realm with well-developed provinces, so horizontal expansion must be balanced by a vertical one.
*) A cultural army is a specialized one...

3b2)
Elite warriors aside, men who fight for money will always be available, and are usually hired by a large lump sum paid upfront with a smaller sum paid monthly for upkeep. Vassalized mercs, usually through conquest of their base of operations, tend to be the opposite, charging less for their activation  but costing more to field. \n Mercenaries aside, men who fight to defend their lands in garrions far outcount men who fight beyond for plunder and glory. With time, the reverse becomes true for the men of nobles, while the folk of cities and churches stay true.
*) Early conquest might be a tricky...

3b3)
In battle, many things can happen. Not only do combat events fire a lot more than before, and not only do traits matter more in avoiding misincidents, but occassionally a duel between generals may occur. Heroic cultured rulers will actively fight and seek out commanders to duel themselves, while non-heroic cultures generally stick to command and rely on their bodguards to protect them. \n
*) This isn't very implemented yet though!

3c1)
Rulership itself is all about details, and even the smallest of numbers cumulatively have a large effect. One of the most important changes from the old world is with buildings, as holdings represent a general area of a province and buildings its general status. \nBuildings determine the overall status of the realm, and thus must be continuously given attention so that the realm does not stagnate. There will always be provinces that retain their glory from the past though, and these provinces will no doubt be a great boon to their holder.
*) Just keep on building, whatever's up...

3c2) 
Ruling a realm is not just about ruling your lands and letting vassals decide the rest though. A unified realm requires a collective administration, and the tier of the top title determines the capacity of the realm to govern, so a ducal realm cannot govern lands worthy of an empire without being severely crippled. \nAt the same time, as the realm expands, so too does the difficulty in administering all the territories rise. With this comes logistic and bureaucratic inefficiency, causing taxes and levies to shrink and the opinion of others to decrease.
*) The Price of Power is heavy...

3d1)
Guidance of the people is a critical matter, as religion defines a critical role in determining the way a ruler and its realm works. The religion of the ruler influences his actions, and with it the realm as a whole. \nAt the same time, the religion of the province influences the way the people live, and with it its pecularities and mechanics. Religion also influences the realm as awhole, as some religions put more stock in a great leader, and can influence the way the realm must be handled.
*) Now if only every icon had tooltips...

3d2) 
Religion also determines the possibility of certain actions. Whether pillaging neighbors or desire for war, or organisation and legitimacy in succession, or the actions a ruler may undertake, religion plays a fundamental part in rulership. \nLikewise, culture can also determine a role aside from combat composition. The culture of the ruler usually determines which administrative model he applies, and with it the direction of the rule.
*) This is partially implemented though.
