Western Europe holy sites plan (DarkReborn's area)
-christian_rebel
Shared holy sites for the group in general:
Rome (Everyone wanting to topple/reform/impose their version of Christianity should have Rome as their centerpiece)
Carthage (Arian Carthage capital)
Paris (Unctionist, since the King of France is the head of the church, this is a given)
Aachen (Capital of the Holy Roman Empire, I suppose it is of spiritual importance... kinda like Kyoto in Japan to continue Shaytana's analogy on Holy Roman Kaiser = pre-Meiji Japanese Emperor.)
Sites specific to each religion:
Luxembourg (Antinomian, Lotharingia capital subject to change since the crimean Goths are also Antinomian...)
Ancona (Fraticelli, where Angelo da Clareno first declared his independant Franciscan Order, "the Fraticelli")
Cantware/Canterbury (Lollards. Apparently, principal English Catholic holdout in the Shaytanaverse, and Lollardy originated in England. And since now it is divided in radically diferent cultures, Danish and Sarmato-Britons for example, their mission of translating the Bible is even more justified by having the site there)
Lyon (Waldensians. Waldensianism originated there so this one is a given)

-pyrenean_christian
Shared holy sites for the group in general:
Rome (Everyone wanting to topple/reform/impose their version of Christianity should have Rome as their centerpiece)
Bearn (In game Bearn encompasses the real provinces of Bearn and Bigorre. In Bigorre, is Lourds a very important Catholic pilgrimage site in France/Spain)
Roussillon (Location of Canigó/Canigou, sacred mountain for both northern and southern Catalans. A ceremony is held there once a year in June where a fire is lit in honor of St. Joan)
Barcelona (Location of Another sacred Catalan mountain, Montserrat. According to legend, the Virgin appeared there in there in the 7th century and many important, and beautiful, monasteries are still there since then.)
Specific sites:
Valladolid (Priscillianism. Location of Avila, Priscillian appointed himself bishop of Avila after he was excommunicated.)
Carcassone (Catharism. Anyone familiar with the story of the Cathars should know why this is here.)
Viscaya (Mari-Christian. It is said that Mari, main goddess of Basque paganism, had her home in every peak of Euskadi, but her main home was said to be mount Amboto, in Viscaya)

-Judaism (as suggested by Numahr)
Shared:
Jerusalem
Alexandria
Sinai
Baghdad
Specific:
Rome (mainstream Judaism)
Ascalon (Sethian)
Yaik (Yahweh Sabaoth)

-Persian Zoroastrian
Shared:
Fars
Tabriz
Nishapur
Jask
Specific:
Shiraz (mainstream Zoroastrian)
Shirvan (Mazdakism)
Kara-Kum (Angra Mainyu)
Kermanshah (Zurvanism)

-Arab pagan
Shared:
Jerusalem
Baghdad
Mecca
Sana'a
Specific
Petra (Al-Lati)
Muscat (Tal'labi)
Busaso (Attari)
Medina (Hubali)
Al'Aqabah (Ash-Shamsi)

-Druidic
Shared:
Somerset (Glastonbury, one of the possible locations of mythical Avalon, no doubt of importance to most Drudic traditions)
Gwynedd (Place of Ynys Mon, this is where the Romans destroyed a great deal of holy Druidic monoliths with the objective of breaking their morale. This sparked Boudiccas rebellion forcing them to retreat.)
Vannes (in Britanny, place of Carnac, a site famous for it's menhirs lined up in perfect lines. It is said that they're such because Merlin turned a Roman Legion to stone)
Thomond (Capital of the Irish High King descendant of Brian Boru in LI lore. I imagine it is of some spiritual importance.)
Specific:
Wiltshire (Mainstream Druidism. Stonehenge, I'm reluctant because the Stonehenge wasn't Druidic in origin and it's just a reunion place for neo-Pagan groups. Subject to change.)
Tyrconell (Lughite. Location of Grianán Ailigh, a fortress said to have been built by High King Lugh himself. There's a plenty of other cult sites but I chose this, since it was a place Lugh actually visited according to legend)
Ormond (Hibernicist. With all due respect to Irish Catholics and their patron, there's a shitload of places where St. Patrick did something, so I'm just adding the main Celtic Christian hold of Ireland in LI as their holy site)

-Norse
Shared:
Tholen 
Paderborn 
Hleidra 
Maere
Specific:
Uppsala (Asatru. Important main place of ancient Norse worship, mentioned often in the Sagas)
Halogaland (Ragnarokr. Since it seems to be the main capital of the only Ragnarokr ruler in the mod... this stays here until I can find any other places related to Fenrir.)
Stettin (Ofridrtyrvaric. Location of the Jomsvikings in LI, the exemplar warriors Tyr would love. As with Ragnarokr, subject to change.)
Bergenshus (Sowilo. Capital of the main Sowiloic realm in LI)
