How to draft religious descriptions for LI religions:

1. It begins with a reminder of the main characteristics, in a straightforward way, always the same ("The cult of Alexandros-Ammon is a Local Graeco-Roman religion of Martial soul, with significant Archaic influences.") Of course for this you need to look up in the Matrix, accessible in my Forum signature. You will need to go there to understand what the religion is in LI anyway.

The rest is more fluid, but generally is organized as such:

2. The origin of the doctrine and short description of what is the focus of worship. This is normally the result of a combination of real-life doctrine and history as well as specific LI developments as documented by the timeline, mostly. ("It centers around the worship of Alexandros III of Makedonia, also known as Megas Alexandros ('Alexander the Great'), who ruled Makedonia in 336-323 BCE. During the conquest of Aegyptus, Alexandros acquired a divine nature when he visited the Oracle of the Siwa Oasis, where he was proclaimed son of Zeus-Ammon, and 'Master of the Universe'.") For this step as well as the following onem look at the Holy Sites map, heresy structure and reform dynamic as these all provide hints on the religion, and because the text needs to be consistent with these parameters.

3. A link between the past and the present, taking into account where is the religion currently located and to which culture it is attached. ("Henceforth, his cult grew with every following year, surviving even the dissolution of his empire in the wars of the Diadochi, and merging with the much more ancient worship of the Egyptian god Amun.")

4. Finally, the text should describe and justify the SELIN characteristics. In the case of Alexandros-Ammonite, these are Martial Soul and Archaic Ascendant ("They commonly believe that re-enacting his legendary martial prowesses in their current environment may draw his favour and accelerate his return: the religion incorporates much military training and ritual fighting, codified along strict and ancient rules.")